salix nigra
malus hupehensis
pinus thunbergii
magnolia tripetala
magnolia virginiana
chamaecyparis thyoides
carpinus caroliniana
cornus florida
quercus robur
amelanchier arborea
ulmus pumila
quercus imbricaria
koelreuteria paniculata
pinus densiflora
crataegus laevigata
betula jacqemontii
quercus nigra
malus floribunda
fagus grandifolia
acer saccharinum
magnolia grandiflora
celtis occidentalis
malus coronaria
paulownia tomentosa
catalpa bignonioides
betula lenta
quercus coccinea
malus baccata
cryptomeria japonica
quercus acutissima
picea pungens
ilex opaca
aesculus flava
carya glabra
acer pseudoplatanus
juniperus virginiana
stewartia pseudocamellia
quercus michauxii
magnolia soulangiana
cedrus libani
zelkova serrata
crataegus viridis
cedrus deodara
betula nigra
quercus montana
staphylea trifolia
populus deltoides
ulmus rubra
phellodendron amurense
aesculus hippocastamon
ginkgo biloba
tilia americana
oxydendrum arboreum
quercus rubra
pseudolarix amabilis
pyrus calleryana
pinus virginiana
castanea dentata
crataegus pruinosa
ostrya virginiana
pinus flexilis
pinus resinosa
quercus velutina
abies nordmanniana
quercus bicolor
quercus phellos
tilia europaea
amelanchier canadensis
pinus echinata
prunus serotina
catalpa speciosa
pinus sylvestris
syringa reticulata
acer platanoides
magnolia denudata
eucommia ulmoides
platanus occidentalis
acer griseum
quercus shumardii
cornus kousa
styrax obassia
nyssa sylvatica
larix decidua
salix matsudana
malus angustifolia
evodia daniellii
prunus sargentii
cedrus atlantica
acer palmatum
ailanthus altissima
betula populifolia
crataegus phaenopyrum
crataegus crus galli
broussonettia papyrifera
pinus koraiensis
populus grandidentata
betula alleghaniensis
salix caroliniana
pinus wallichiana
quercus marilandica
albizia julibrissin
acer saccharum
quercus palustris
quercus macrocarpa
pinus nigra
toona sinensis
juglans cinerea
prunus pensylvanica
ptelea trifoliata
acer rubrum
quercus muehlenbergii
tilia tomentosa
ficus carica
carya ovata
halesia tetraptera
acer negundo
pinus cembra
ulmus parvifolia
robinia pseudo acacia
aesculus pavi
liriodendron tulipifera
tilia cordata
quercus alba
liquidambar styraciflua
salix babylonica
cercidiphyllum japonicum
chionanthus retusus
maclura pomifera
taxodium distichum
gleditsia triacanthos
tsuga canadensis
quercus stellata
fraxinus americana
pinus strobus
carpinus betulus
malus pumila
quercus cerris
magnolia stellata
prunus virginiana
acer ginnala
cornus mas
acer pensylvanicum
fraxinus nigra
aesculus glabra
asimina triloba
platanus acerifolia
pinus bungeana
prunus yedoensis
chamaecyparis pisifera
metasequoia glyptostroboides
pinus rigida
morus alba
fraxinus pennsylvanica
sassafras albidum
cercis canadensis
amelanchier laevis
pinus peucea
cladrastis lutea
prunus subhirtella
ulmus glabra
diospyros virginiana
abies concolor
quercus falcata
carya cordiformis
magnolia macrophylla
prunus serrulata
morus rubra
quercus virginiana
ulmus americana
carya tomentosa
magnolia acuminata
acer campestre
gymnocladus dioicus
ulmus procera
populus tremuloides
picea abies
chionanthus virginicus
juglans nigra
pinus taeda
styrax japonica
pinus pungens
picea orientalis
pinus parviflora
corylus colurna
celtis tenuifolia
